1. While working on the registration form for the claw firms, i had to use the countries and region selector, so i download and used a package using composer called
webpatser/laravel-countries

ERROR seederClass does not exist
SOLUTION run cmd:  composer dump-autoload 

after registering a law firm, i need to send an email with 
SUBJECT: WAT-L REGISTRATION
Body : Law firm ID sent an OTP, link to follow to verify their email
HEAD: WAT-L

To clear cache, more so after changing configuration files run
php artisan config:cache

mysteron64@gmail.com, app password is votbhwxghbjxnncp
Persistance breaks resistance, everyday works.

uninstall composer package
composer remove vendor/package

generate key

php artisan key:generate


Laravel Passport authentication & Authorization
I wanted to do two things, make a web system that was using web.php to do all its stuff, and a mobile app that was depending on a Laravel API to service requests from the mobile app user. The first thing I needed to do was learn how to use either OAuth 2.0, JWT or the Laravel supported Passport Authorization/Authentication package to authenticate my mobile app users.
I read several articles on the internet to learn how to integrate JWT into Laravel since I was somehow familiar with JWT, I fell upon a post by a one Tymon but I found it unsable and the configuration was confusing. I had formerly configured Passport successfully and subsequently tried OAuth since Passport uses OAuth. 
Finally I was able to do my first level of API, Authentication using Passport and it was easy, I used a post at https://tutsforweb.com/laravel-passport-create-rest-api-with-authentication/
and it was very helpful.

MY API

I have routes 
http://wat.alv/api/login
arguments are - a POST request with email and password
returns - JSON object with passport token (so now I need to learn how to decode the token and get the data out of it in the frontend since its always the frontend that makes this request)
-I intend to use the Laravel Passport Documentation for this.

To see all the npm global packages

npm list -g

React Native
- installation steps
1. Install nodejs, python2 and the JDK
2. Install Android studio and install the necessary SDK's and AVD'see
3. Connect your phone to your PC, but after enabling USB Debugging on your Phone, also make sure that it is in charging mode of Transfer files
4. install react-native-cli
5. set the ANDROID_HOME path directory to the home directory of your sdk. also set the platform_tools
6. run react-native init nameOfProject
7. let it run and it installs whatever it wants
8. run adb devices to make sure android device is seen
9. run react-native run-android and the app will run and install on your phone
10. Now to enable Live reloading, shake the phone until a menu displays, enable  live reload, then go down to dev settings
11. ensure phone and pc are on same network
12. on dev settings, look for "debug server host ...." and set the ip and port for your pc
e.g. 192.23.34.45:8081
13 menu and reload

API ENDPOINTS
http://localhost/wat/public/api/

run a react-native app
react-native run-android

start a new react-native app
react-native init name_of_app

Got the npm ERR! Unexpected end of JSON input while parsing near ERROR

npm cache clean --force


